hopeless (1) : We also know that they can benefit by receiving counseling from someone who can help them understand that their feelings are normal and that their situation is not hopeless ; someone who can help them put their situation in perspective and help them communicate with others who could provide support ; someone knowledgeable about resources they can access ; someone who can help them plan for their needs and the needs of their child by developing either a parenting plan or an adoption plan .
refugee (1) : Many refugees do n't want to be resettled anywhere , let alone in the US .
homeless (1) : "In a 90-degree view of his constituency , one can see a high rise and a flyover while underneath it , homeless people sleep on pavements . "" As you can see , my constituency is not confined to one socio-economic group , "" he said , adding that apart from water , another major concern for him is to improve the standard of public schools in the area ."
refugee (1) : He depicts demonstrations by refugees at the border post , their catastrophic living conditions and the desperate attempt of several hundred to cross a river a few kilometres from the camp to get into Macedonia on 14 March 2016 .
poor-families (1) : t is remiss not to mention here that not all scavenging children come from poor families . Children hailing from affluent families use dumpsites as playgrounds .
immigrant (1) : Sheepherding in America has always been an immigrant 's job , too dirty , too cold and too lonely for anyone with options .
women (1) : KARACHI - On the eve of International Women 's Day , Pakistan People 's Party Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari has announced that his party 's Women Wing will organise Karwan-e-Benazir rallies in all the provincial capitals and in Azad Jammu &amp; Kashmir , Gilgit-Baltistan and Fata to celebrate the day and PPP 's achievements for empowerment of women in the country .
women (1) : "Our country is in need of serious change . We can continue to celebrate women 's day , throw massive budgets at events , give out goody bags with a cute lipsticks and celebrate female achievers once a year . This is without taking away from exceptional women who truly are making inroads into their environments but we are not just a cute lipstick , or pair of shoes , we are not just pretty and soft and squishy . We are not just child bearers , and there for procreation . So , why are we as women , so accepting of the placating and mollification thrown at us and overlook the inequalities through acceptance . I am by no means militant , but often , as even in politics , focus is shifted on true issues by drawing public attention to other "" things "" in order for us to be distracted . By shifting our focus from relevant issues we forget why we were disgruntled and angry and nothing ever changes ."
poor-families (1) : The World Health Organization did not give a reason for the increase in deaths , but a provincial health official in Sindh said that the disease hit areas where poor families did not vaccinate their children .
poor-families (1) : A top health official said today that the government could consider subsidies to help poor families pay for healthy food -- or imposing taxes on unhealthy products -- if other efforts fail to encourage better eating habits among Hong Kong residents . Dr Regina Ching from the Health Department said such moves could be explored as a way to cut levels of chronic illnesses in the city , such ...
women (1) : Maida noted that political issues should not twist women away from matters of development , the important thing is peace , and women must wake up , since they need economic revolution through peaceful means .
hopeless (1) : Jamaicans are deemed to be among the most violent persons on planet Earth . Some argue that it has to do with our legacy of slavery which in itself was an act of extreme violence . Some even posit that it may well be that we have too much sugar in our blood ; while others point to the socio-economic conditions that the majority of black Jamaicans have to live under which have led them to a point of hopelessness and anger .
vulnerable (1) : It is written in Ecclessiastes in the Bible that ' WOE TO ANY NATION WHERE A SLAVE BECOMES KING ' This typifies the situation in Nigeria since the inception of that country . I weep for my country when I visited home in 2009 and toured my alma mater- ABSU ... the infrastructural decay reduced me to tears . No matter how much OIL is sold in the world market the money will not change the corrupt/ sorry situation in Nigeria . The only thing that will change it is REVOLUTION . I weep for the children , pregnant women , the sick , infirms and the vulnerables who are trapped in this diabolical hole called Nigeria . My advice to Nigerians ... ' GOD WILL NOT DO FOR MAN WHAT MAN CAN DO FOR HIMSELF ' Wake and take your destinies in your hands stop calling on God for simple things you can do , learn from Egypt , Tunisia and Libya experience .
poor-families (1) : A massive cleanup and awareness drive was conducted jointly by the LWMC and the Bahria University , Lahore Campus in different localities of Johar Town . The purpose of the drive was to improve state of cleanliness and sensitise poor families to hygienic conditions .
poor-families (1) : """ Nigeria 's tertiary education system is still elitist . We do n't make allowance for poor families , families that have not yet produced a university graduate . How do these people assess the university education ?"
vulnerable (1) : """ We know Uber partners with an extensive network of drivers , and Plunket nurses support some of our most vulnerable families . Working together , we can make it simple for people to help out and make a difference , "" Jarvie says ."
refugee (1) : IdeaRaya spokesman Maryam Ramli Lee in an interview with Malay Mail Online , September 10 , 2015 . For human rights , Idearaya is shining a spotlight on marginalised communities such as refugees and migrant workers , while its focus for philosophy this year would be on educating children to express themselves philosophically .
poor-families (1) : Camfed would like to see this trend reversed . It would like to see more girls in school . Basic Education Statistics in Tanzania ( BEST 2010 ) show that only 18 percent of girls have completed secondary school education . This is why Camfed supports girls from poor families to obtain secondary education and its efforts have seen many go to university .
immigrant (1) : Many celebrities wore blue ribbons to support the American Civil Liberties Union , which is seeking to shed light on the plight of young immigrants facing the potential of being deported .
homeless (1) : While some said they were just out to hang out with their friends of like persuasion , this was no social gathering for others ; it was a place of work . For some of these male prostitutes , the ' clients ' they picked up on this corner were their only means of survival , and the streets , in some cases , a home for the homeless among them .
homeless (1) : "His present "" chambers "" may be quite humble , but Shiyani has the tiny space very neatly organized and clean . Many people pass him by but do not manage to see him , because the space is partially hidden behind trees , which gives him a relative privacy . "" There are many homeless sleeping around the station , "" Captain Xoli Mbele , from the nearby Johannesburg Central Police station said ."
poor-families (1) : """ Some come from poor families and then you find swimming in millions and they lose focus , then they fizz out from football altogether , "" he said , making it clear that to have a Paul Pogba-esque success , one needs to work that much harder and not get influenced easily especially at this age and that too coming from Africa ."
hopeless (1) : Some years later the daughter 's marriage broke up . She had two children by then and needed money urgently . The father dipped into his savings and was eventually compelled to move into this home . His daughter has put in the papers for him to join her in Australia and he is hopeful of joining her soon . That day for him will be a joyful escape from the surrounding air of defeat , dejection and hopelessness .
in-need (1) : """ I have a lot of sympathy for folks who are in need in the city , "" Mr Edmonds-Waters said . "" This has become an extremely expensive city to live in . The divide between those who have and those who do n't is ridiculously ginormous . """
poor-families (1) : She said since Bangladeshs main export to the USA is apparel , this industry employs 4 million workers , of which 90 percent are girls from poor families . Their earnings have empowered them . Their contributions now provide better nutritional food , allow siblings to go to schools , and give them a respected voice at home . Their empowerment is also helping reduce poverty , control population growth and increase literacy .
homeless (1) : It 's calculated that over 204,000 days of purpose-built residential accommodation to otherwise potentially homeless elderly men and women have been delivered by this personally driven altruistic act alone .
vulnerable (1) : News this month that Anglican Care spent $4 million buying a Christchurch site as a hub for vulnerable youths is a fine example of that community-minded approach . In years to come there may be an interesting contrast between a beautifully restored cathedral that is empty much of the time and a youth hub and revamped City Mission that are constantly busy .
vulnerable (1) : "He said : "" I think we can consider introducing a negligible telecom surcharge to be entirely borne by the initiator of a call . In order to protect the poor and vulnerable amongst us , we could structure it to only take effect after the third minute of talk ."
disabled (1) : NEW DELHI : Activists and medical professionals have lauded the government 's move to increase the ambit of the disabled list to offer benefits to acid attack survivors , those suffering from chronic neurological conditions , and haemophilia and sickle cell anaemia patients . This , they said , will help in integrating them into society .
disabled (1) : Krueger recently harnessed that creativity to self-publish a book featuring the poems , artwork , photography and short stories of 16 ill or disabled artists from around the world . She hopes the book , which contains some of her own work as well , will show how talented disabled people can be .
hopeless (1) : President Muhammadu Buhari is on a divine mission to rescue the Nigeria from the brink of collapse and hopelessness , Speaker of the House of Representatives , Rt . Hon. Yakubu Dogara has said .
hopeless (1) : The Global Gender Gap Report 2016 has ranked Pakistan 143 out of 144 countries . This really demonstrates the failure of feminists who are hopeless to break the historical shackles of bondage on women and establish favorable political , educational , economic , and health conditions .
in-need (1) : """ I expect more resources in the hands of people in need and the humanitarian workers on the frontline ( who ) are risking their lives to help them , and I expect less to be spent in the back room in transactions that do not help us get help to the people , "" she said ."
immigrant (1) : THE jagged rocks , the stony beaches , the sweeping , heather covered hills ... the last views of the old country that faded from sight when a generation of immigrants set sail for the new world ( you can read that in Liam Neeson 's voice if you want ) .
homeless (1) : He said the victims who are currently rendered homeless can now be relieved of troubles as the 5,000 iron sheets from Mwanza had arrived , with 1,200 already distributed to victims in Bukoba Municipality .
homeless (1) : The drama 's compelling nature derived from a thorough knowledge of its cast , more numerous and improbable than any soap opera 's . The bite came from underlying tragedy : lost wives , lost jobs , pennilessness , homelessness and death . I have never laughed so much as in Soho in the Eighties .
homeless (1) : Government support to bring the Housing First programme to Wellington will make a real difference for the homeless , says National 's Wellington Central candidate Nicola Willis .
poor-families (1) : We are alarmed to learn of your recently circulated proposals that would eviscerate the Lifeline program and leave many of the most vulnerable people in the country without access to affordable communications . As you are well aware , the Lifeline program provides a modest monthly subsidy of $9.25 to connect low-income Americans to phone and internet services . As broadband prices continue to soar , and affordability continues to suffer , adoption gaps remain . The Lifeline program has proven critical for poor families and people of color who are caught on the wrong side of the digital divide .
disabled (1) : """ I and my daughter Monica are excited about providing a space for disabled people to be able to get together and earn fair prices for their work , "" Mr. Rogers said ."
migrant (1) : Famously progressive San Francisco has among America 's most eco-friendly public policies and has declared itself a sanctuary to immigrants it considers persecuted by President Donald Trump 's administration .
women (1) : It is also good news for women 's issues , which are in desperate need of a woman 's touch . As much work as the ANC has done thus far , we have a long way to go in this and in many other regards .
poor-families (1) : Michael Gove 's recent suggestion that inadequate financial management skills among poor families are to blame for the increasing demand on food banks has , unsurprisingly , sparked an angry response . Critics feel the Conservative Party is out of touch with the pressures on ordinary families .
hopeless (1) : "The rights and needs of hundreds of thousands of older and disabled people are being neglected and their difficulties left to worsen under a hopeless system of social care . But while the King 's Fund report says that older people are faring the worst from the poor state of social care , this ignores the plight of working age disabled people who are facing the double whammy of harsh and inefficient "" welfare reform "" , as well as severe cuts in social care support ."
homeless (1) : Mum living in homeless shelter has ' nowhere to bring boys on Christmas day ' <h> ' panicked '
disabled (1) : Cheung said 20 disabled undergraduate students from seven universities will start their eight-week internship in government departments this month , receiving the same salaries as able-bodied colleagues of HK$9,600 a month .
poor-families (1) : However , this success story is not uncommon . It often happens that people from poor families have more perseverance to fight tooth an nail in business than children of rich parents who are used to get everything they want with ease . People without a strong spirit will quickly break down and drop out from the competition .
women (1) : In the space of a week , four beautiful young women gave up their lives voluntarily over reasons ranging from a love affair to depression to unemployment . All were educated and from reasonably good families . And these are just some of the reports that media covered . Looked at dispassionately and from a distance , none of their problems seem insurmountable . What a waste of young , beautiful lives !
poor-families (1) : I now know why Mike Redmond is proposing a school lunch program . This news about 1/4 of all kids coming from poor families with not much food is an embarrassment . And Ghiz throws our tax dollars at his construction buddies &amp; immigrant investment at his political buddies . And then Ghiz and Myers and their good ol ' boy supporters decry a proposed program like free school lunches as a type of socialist conspiracy .... I 'd like every one of them to experience real hunger for a week in the winter and see if they 'd sing a different tune afterward . Ghazal and Myers and the blue blood wannabes of PEI have no clue .
women (1) : "Mari ? tte Coetzee from Stofberg Family Vineyards ( whose Mia Chenin Blanc 2016 was the garagiste trophy winner at last year 's Michelangelo Awards and the recipient of four Platter 's stars for the Mari ? tte Chenin Blanc 2016 ) , says : "" We can be extremely proud of the current women winemakers in our industry , especially considering most of them are juggling a family along with the long working hours ."
poor-families (1) : 10:41am - Parents of children who died must get compensation , free medicine must be provided to poor families across UP : Ram Gopal Yadav
poor-families (1) : But kids fall through the cracks . If they move around a lot between schools - as kids from poor families very often do , due to precarious housing - they can go years between check-ups .
poor-families (1) : The school authorities have taken the perfect procedure , not to obstruct studies . The 300 odd athletes who engage in sports are given the freedom to practice before and after school hours under the watchful eyes of the teachers who are in-charge of sports . The talented athletes who come from poor families are taken care of adequately with contributions from parents and well wishers .
poor-families (1) : """ Boarding schools should be for those coming from poor families who when admitted to boarding secondary schools would be assured of their meals provided by schools , "" she said ."
homeless (1) : Old BC : As usual , Old GB has it assy-versy . I think there should be more focus on preventing homelessness than curing it . Are there systems for actually going out , picking up the homeless , and placing them where they belong ? Homeless people are n't voluntarily walking into these shelters .
immigrant (1) : But if the Supreme Court gives a favorable decision for the president , his immigration program would immediately take effect , changing the lives of eligible Filipino families and other immigrants .
homeless (1) : "She remembers how hard being homeless hit her . She remembers , too , how she would try and act as mad as possible to intimidate people and stop them from coming close to her . She would turn as she walked and make loud noises so that people would leave her alone . How did she manage not to lose sight of her future while she was struggling for survival ? "" I handled my situation of being homeless pretty easily , "" she says with a bit of distance . "" I had football to focus on . I wanted to represent my country and I was n't going to let anything get in the way . """
hopeless (1) : "Calling for an immediate political solution to resolve the crisis in Syria , Erdogan said : "" Turkey 's incursion into northern Syria in early September had led to establishing peace , balance and stability in a region taken over by hopelessness "" ."
hopeless (1) : """ They have made them to become hopeless and now , in "" going to God "" , they have ended up being deceived further and their situation is exploited and the society becomes even worse ."
vulnerable (1) : After a tragic event during his previous life as an FBI agent , Sawyer lost half a leg and developed an aversion to guns . So instead of the usual muscle-bound , wise-cracking , gun-toting cliche he 's often played , here he 's a vulnerable , disabled family man caught up in a twisted extortion plot .
vulnerable (1) : "He said that he also stopped in Maiduguri , Nigeria , where he met with people who were torched out of their homes 11 months ago . "" These are the stories we carry with us , "" he underlined . "" The World Humanitarian Summit , is a once in a generation opportunity to set in motion an ambitious and far reaching agenda to change the way that we alleviate , and most importantly that we prevent , the suffering of the world 's most vulnerable people . """
women (1) : We have done a great deal of work but the biggest thing we have done is to make the ministry a powerful tool for the protection of women ... Over the last four years , every time somebody comes up with a good idea or proposes an area in which women need help , we have adopted it immediately . We have been doing two things -- policymaking , which also pushes other ministries , and looking at individual cases of suffering . For me , both components are equally important .
homeless (1) : Bombarded by schizophrenia , addiction and homelessness , you might say that Eoghan O'Driscoll has been to hell and back . But he is finding a new balance through painting . Interview : Michael Lanigan
hopeless (1) : """ So many of us see the state of our home as some kind of reflection of our self-worth ( even though it 's not ! ) , and a mess can so easily make you feel like a failure . And for those who have mental illnesses , chronic illness , chronic pain , or disabilities , this can be even worse , because when you 're not physically able to do a whole-house clean , it can all seem a little hopeless . """
vulnerable (1) : "Emmanuelle Riva in "" Amour , "" as a woman in her 80s whose mind and body deteriorate after a series of strokes , is even frailer , more vulnerable , and quite defenseless . The first time we saw Riva , in "" Hiroshima Mon Amour , "" we were struck by her sensual , yet patrician face . Now the sensuality is gone , but the dignity of that countenance remains ."
women (1) : """ We believe in the ability of young women to achieve great things , both for themselves and for Tanzania , "" he added ."
women (1) : TurkIt 's heartening to see that measures are being taken in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa ( KP ) to empower women and give them work opportunities . You ! takes a look ...
disabled (1) : New Zealand has been getting more comfortable confronting difficult issues in primetime . Last year , Nigel Latta : The Hard Stuff 's exploration of suicide and teenagers ' online lives was a hit . Earlier this year another season of The Undateables , a British show about dating amongst the disabled and those with learning disabilities played at 8.45pm Mondays on TVNZ 2 . And despite the exploitative name , Embarassing Bodies has helped open eyes and minds to the reality of those whose physical form deviates from a societal conception of ' normal ' .
poor-families (1) : "I am shocked , disgusted and dismayed at yet another police incident that is being mishandled . How many poor families have had their loved ones senselessly perish at the hands of highly paid , supposedly "" professional "" police officers and have had to fight against an unjust system that allows these officers to literally get away with murder unpunished. ?"
homeless (1) : Charity plans to forgo parking so homeless can have gym and medical centre
women (1) : "She continued , "" I stepped away from hiding behind a fabricated version of myself . I no longer put actions behind my fears and insecurities . I made a choice to redirect my energy to be a catalyst for change . To create a channel for women to become the truest versions of themselves , along with me. """
homeless (1) : Yes , DMC you are very good at adding numbers , I am sure the dead and homeless are really thankful that you have the numbers . But as a government department I do not see any action in preventing , educating , keeping sos supply depots , or indeed any action , apart from the armed forces providing aid and the common man .
hopeless (1) : The indigenous Palestinians see themselves abandoned by the powerful nations of the UN . In sheer hopelessness and a sense of dehumization they are , regrettably , now resorting to nihilistic activities trying to harm Israeli Jews and getting killed every day by the trigger happy Israelis - civilians and security forces alike . It is a sad development in a region that has cried for justice for too long -- almost 70 years - only to be ignored and severely punished for their noncompliance to the Zionist dream of Eretz Israel .
disabled (1) : The law stipulated 21 rights of the disabled persons . The disabled persons must get the national identity cards and be listed in the voters roll . Even they will be able to contest in the polls .
poor-families (1) : "So when journalists and observers tell us that , "" Toronto will never be the same again , "" they are not only wrong , but are extremely unhelpful . Of course Toronto will be just the same again . Not for the poor families of the deceased , not for those struggling with ghastly and perhaps life-changing injuries , but for most of the rest of us . It wo n't change , because it never does ."
poor-families (1) : "Winfrey 's school is an attempt to wield philanthropy and celebrity against South Africa 's social and educational crises . High-achieving students from poor families were admitted after a rigorous application process in which Winfrey was deeply involved , and she has visited regularly to counsel her girls . She held a last , late-night "" pajama party "" with the graduates Friday ."
vulnerable (1) : ICCCAD remains a strong advocate of local initiatives and supports the concept of Community Based Adaptation ( CBA ) . Solutions developed at the local level have the best chance of being successful since it is the poorest living in areas prone to storms , floods , and droughts who are most vulnerable and best understand what needs to be done . This approach seeks to give these communities a voice since it is powerlessness as much as location that makes these communities vulnerable to climate change .
in-need (1) : "After the satisfying evening , Manny Osme ? a left us pondering on his quote , "" Money is pressure until it is used to help people in need . """
poor-families (0) : Marcos said the government should help poor families that try every possible means to survive . With Joel Zurbano <h> More from this Category :
women (0) : So , let the NPP government appointees look down upon the hardworking and selfless men and women at their own peril .
hopeless (0) : """ So we do need to heal ourselves as an Aboriginal Torres Strait islander community , but also as a nation . "" <h> A life of hope , not hopelessness"
women (0) : """ The government needs to come forward , and it needs to give resources to legal aid , so that those women and those families have their basic human rights and safety met , around representation and justice , the ability to navigate that Goliath of an office with a great deal of power , and to ensure they have the education and the advocacy that they need . "" <h> Child and Youth Advocate responds"
homeless (0) : As leaders , we will personally support victims but we ask the government to also help . We are going to clear all victims ' hospital bills and we want to ensure that those left homeless receive shelter .
homeless (0) : "On Oct. 1 , at the Working America blog , a community affiliate of the AFL-CIO , New Hampshire writer Susan Bruce attempted to make sense of the outrage : "" The lack of compassion is troubling but the level of anger is even more disconcerting . I suspect that the anger some people have for the homeless is fueled by their own fears that they are only a paycheck or two away from being homeless themselves . """
refugee (0) : """ The fact is that ruthless smugglers are preying on desperate migrants and refugees with no regard at all for human dignity , "" said Michele Sison , the US Deputy Ambassador to the UN ."
in-need (0) : """ Your personal leadership has been critical to addressing the plight of the Rohingya who fled to safety in your country . I thank you for all you have done to assist these men , women and children in need , "" he wrote in the message ."
homeless (0) : Allman Town resident Sonya Wilson ( second left ) , and one of her daughters ( fourth left ) hand out boxed lunches to a group of homeless people on King Street , downtown Kingston , on Thursday .
poor-families (0) : "She recalled being so proud of being part of a small group of students involved in "" The Goat Project "" where students raised money to help poor families in Africa ."
in-need (0) : """ I always consider this job as a gift , being a nurse is a reward and task given by God to help those who are in need . Seeing your patient recover from an illness , watching their families smile when you give them care , and hearing the first cry of a newborn are just some of the things that make my work special . It might be a heavy work but it can lighten your heart , "" she expressed ."
homeless (0) : 6 years ago she lost her husband -- he died from heart disease , and since then Wood lives alone with her children and a dog . When she learnt about Michael and Cory 's terrible life problems , she realised she had to help . This woman has a big kind heart . There were 2 empty rooms in her house , so she invited the homeless to live there . Many people might consider her action as a madness but Mel says that since her husband 's death , she does n't fear anything .
vulnerable (0) : """ Protecting the disadvantaged members of our community is a cardinal role of any government and my administration in partnership with religious leaders will carry out fresh mapping of vulnerable members of our society and use the data to draw up a deliberate plan to support them , "" he said ."
in-need (0) : Jesus begins his teaching in Matthew with the Sermon on the Mount . One group he blesses is those in need of comfort , Blessed are they who mourn , for they will be comforted ( Mt 5:4 ) .
hopeless (0) : ATD wants to uplift the self-esteem of MNC residents , without making them feel hopeless or dependent .
hopeless (0) : Teachers encourage these eager students to express their feelings in drawings and to share their thoughts in writing . We want them to realize that life does not stop when we encounter struggle , that we can find ways to move forward . We are helping them find solutions to seemingly overwhelming problems instead of resigning themselves to hopelessness .
vulnerable (0) : In another development , Eiremiokhae was also bestowed with a Humanitarian Award by the Trinity International University of Ambassadors also in Georgia for his works of charity and care for widows and the vulnerable .
poor-families (0) : Earlier at the ceremony , Azlan , who is also Pauh assemblyman , handed out daily necessities donated by NCIA to 102 poor families in the state constituency .
vulnerable (0) : These young girls are forced to drop out of school and become wives . Their dreams are completely destroyed and they become vulnerable to sexual and gender based violence , HIV and STI infection , Pregnancy related complications just to mention a few .
women (0) : Geeta and the other women in their Self Help Group are also proud of the fact that other women are also getting inspired by their progress story . More and more women are getting associated with Bihan with an aim to bring about positive changes in their lives and most of them are inspired by other women who have already shown the example .
poor-families (0) : He said all Daanish schools had been set up in backward areas for promoting quality education and these schools had opened doors of quality education to children of poor families .
refugee (0) : Perhaps one of Lahiri 's most lasting contributions was keeping written records of the conditions of the refugees , with vivid and heart wrenching descriptions of their plight .
homeless (0) : In any other state sleeping in the subway , on benches or even the middle of the streets people could be mistaken for alcoholics , drug addicts or homeless . But they have decent clothes , and carrying briefcases with documents . <h> Latest News
refugee (0) : In Nyarugusu , Tanzania 's last major refugee camp , the government and United Nations are trying to end a rootless life for generations of people living -- and many born -- in exile .
refugee (0) : In an act of defiance against Hungarian authorities , which had suspended trains to Western Europe , between 1,200 and 2,000 refugees decided to walk from Keleti Station in Budapest to Vienna on Friday . Men , women , children -- even people on crutches -- marched from the late morning to evening , clutching bags filled with all the possessions they had .
refugee (0) : More than 600,000 Rohingya are languishing in Bangladeshi refugee camps after fleeing a brutal Myanmar army campaign launched in late Aug .
hopeless (0) : The majority of these people now reside , in refugee camps that lack sufficient humanitarian aid , offering refugees little more than a hopeless situation . International charitable organisations fear working in these camps as harassment and violence against those aiding Rohingya Muslims are common .
hopeless (0) : "But more than taking personal strength from the heroines of Philippine culture , Alma finds greater inspiration in being able to share her skills to build on the dreams of women and children , "" I look at art not as a career but as a spiritual expression . Art should bring out what is innately beautiful , especially to those who are hopeless . """
homeless (0) : "But he said when the company sent him his refund , they 're going to give all of the money to a group in Columbus that helps the homeless . "" We 're just going to donate it directly to that group and let them help other homeless people , because that 's what was intended to happen , "" he said ."
homeless (0) : A happy day it was indeed when a 31 homeless street dogs found their forever homes in the loving arms of the kind children and adults who visited Embark 's ' Adopt A Dog Day ' at Lyceum International School , Nugegoda on the 15th of September . Students from grades 1 to 8 were invited to attend along with their families and friends . The organizers were delighted by the fact that all the puppies and adult dogs who had been put up for adoption found good homes and new families in record time . In fact , Embark ran out of dogs as the demand was so high , but this was just the first adoption day of many more to come at the Lyceum Schools , so everyone who missed out can find their forever friends at future adoption days .
in-need (0) : The backdrop to the year has been William , Kate and Harry 's mental health campaign , Heads Together , which has encouraged people to speak about their problems or be a sympathetic ear for others in need .
in-need (0) : """ The boxing community is wonderful at helping those in need , today is a prime example ."
in-need (0) : Christmas is celebration of the birth of not merely a child , but a child who changed the destiny of humans forever . It is celebration of the fact that God wanted to be a part of the human race and so he took on flesh and blood and became human like us . We can also show unconditional love through our good deeds and helping those who are in need of our help and care . Be human and merciful .
hopeless (0) : """ It beggars belief this scheme has been cobbled together ten weeks from the election when for more than a year Bill English has preferred to write off young unemployed people as pretty damn hopeless and too drugged and lazy ."
homeless (0) : "BANTAYAN ISLAND , Cebu -- When Supertyphoon "" Yolanda "" ( international name : Haiyan ) pummeled the Visayas in November 2013 , the eyes of the world and much of the international aid that poured into the country centered in Tacloban City -- one of the areas severely hit by the strongest storm that made landfall on record . But not so far away , in a small island at the northern end of Cebu , the suffering of thousands of families left devastated and homeless by the typhoon was just as valid , sans the media spotlight ."
homeless (0) : More than 200 people , young and old , were being fed at a soup kitchen . Many were homeless and all of them had an urgent need for some food to try and ward off the effects of the bitter weather .
hopeless (0) : "In addition , it gives the usually "" dark "" topic a bracingly illuminating spin , as it urges viewers to value life , and points out that suicide may "" solve "" a hopeless person 's problems -- but takes a terrible toll on his loved ones !"
in-need (0) : "She added : "" I am really happy with the awards , but I just want to help those in need . """
poor-families (0) : Many of the children are from poor families , with parents convinced their children will have a better life at the orphanage , according to Lumos .
in-need (0) : "Soles4Souls , the Nashville-based charity that distributes a pair of shoes every seven seconds to people in need , has put a call out for donations as the organization is literally "" running out of shoes . """
poor-families (0) : Usually children of poor families remember their parents ' struggles and become generous to them as poverty early in life drove them to success . It is the children of the rich that feel a sense of entitlement that mostly becomes ungrateful to their parents . The same children that inflated their school fees and shared it equally with the bursar , regardless of their fathers ' sweat on the farm .
hopeless (0) : Miskia Ahmed , a 21-year-old female Somalia refugee who has lived in Kenya since her childhood has a burning desire to change a narrative punctuated by despair and hopelessness .
vulnerable (0) : AIRTEL Sales Officer for Lake Zone , Emmanuel Raphael and the Manager Joel Laizer hand over a donation of food items to Sarnaa Islamic Orphanage Centre children for Iftar in Mwanza recently . Airtel has set 10m/- to support children who are living in vulnerable environment in various centres countrwide . ( Photos by Staff Photographer )
poor-families (0) : "In his condolence message , he said , "" All our sympathies are with the poor families as we are standing in cohesion with the Egyptian government and the people in this hour of grief . """
hopeless (0) : """ It 's the politicians that have no faith in the people . All we hear from them is negativity . If you keep feeding negativity , the response is a people who are tired , bored and feeling hopelessness . Give the people something to strive for . Build youth centres . There are sooooo many talented youth . Jamaica must stop bad-mouthing ALL youth . The majority just want one simple thing and that is , A CHANCE . """
poor-families (0) : ( July 24 , 2018 , Chennai , Sri Lanka Guardian ) The most serious harm and injustice being done to the millions of poor families all over India is the lack of availability of quality education for their children .
hopeless (0) : The City Without Drugs organisation is still active , as is their YouTube channel . It features hundreds of videos of drug addicts being dragged half-conscious through the street , their faces not blurred , or confessing their alleged worthlessness , their hopelessness , their shame .
hopeless (0) : I have been looking to see if Ojinga 's son and daughters , Kalonzo 's children would be among these jobless and hopeless looking demonstrators.As usual , they are nowhere to be seen.At the end of the day , having demonstrated all day on empty stomach , their children and wives are asking the goons for money to buy unga for dinner answer hakuna ! ? Meanwhile , Ojinga and his NASWA team and of course families retire to their posh homes in Karen and after dinner , they have enough to throw away or feed the dogs while the demonstrators sleep hungry.This is replicated every time there is a demonstration in our city and towns across the country . Due to lack of the basic necessities , the demonstrator resorts to looting and stealing.The rest is history .
disabled (0) : A disabled young artist from Delhi has asked United Nations for digital revolution of inclusion
vulnerable (0) : """ We know we have an affordable housing crisis , both nationally , provincially in the city . This is one part of it , and if we can get this right , it would be a good step for a very vulnerable population . """
vulnerable (0) : Meanwhile , Dr. Thomas told JIS News that the seminar was staged for all well- thinking Jamaicans with a passion for helping this vulnerable group .
hopeless (0) : Since its inception in 1994 , the NCVT has had vast experience in assisting women from impoverished areas such as Diepsloot , Zandspruit , and Cosmo City . These women often face seemingly hopeless situations , including physical and emotional abuse . With Women 's Month approaching , NCVT reflects on these challenges and the supportive role that social workers play . <h> Poverty and domestic violence
vulnerable (0) : The University of Technology , Jamaica through its USAID-funded Fi Wi Jamaica Project on international Human Rights Day , Thursday , December 10 , 2015 honoured ten ( 10 ) ? unsung heroes ? and one ( 1 ) institution for their transformative and enduring humanitarian work in influencing the way that Jamaican society values the most vulnerable . The awards were presented at the 2nd Annual Essence of Humanity Ubuntu Awards ceremony held at the PCJ auditorium , New Kingston .
in-need (0) : "Adopt a Mission serves as a platform for the church and for likeminded people to reach out to unemployed families in the communities -- whoever is in need . "" <h> The forgotten people of Brooklyn"
vulnerable (0) : "My own sense of revulsion grew last night after my wife returned from a Delhi home for the blind where children live in squalid , cramped conditions , Braille books were missing , and unpaid teachers were absent . "" House mothers "" paid for by foreign donors were missing and these vulnerable children were left alone at night protected only by a low-paid security guard ."
refugee (0) : She also praised the efforts to stabilise the lives of refugees , by providing for their basic needs and helping them overcome their challenges , while stressing that supporting refugees is an ongoing part of the UAE 's humanitarian directives , and the country has taken the responsibility to evaluate their needs and provide them with a variety of urgent and essential aid .
poor-families (0) : Delhi : Going on stage at school and acting out scenes from your home life can uncover hidden truths . The stage at Prerna School for Girls in Lucknow is the place where the performers - girls from poor families in the surrounding slums - suddenly realise they are unequal .
homeless (0) : """ Not homeless -- but STARVING for success . Will run routes 4 food , "" read the hand-drawn message on the cardboard sign Anderson carried last month and in the social media photo he posted ."
disabled (0) : """ This definitive outcome is a testament to the foresight of those who launched the programme , believing that elimination was possible in one of the world 's most endemic countries . In human terms , these children will never have to worry about being disabled by lymphatic filariasis . """
poor-families (0) : Desertification which affects Yunusari , Yusufari , Karasuwa , Machina , Geidam and Bursari local government areas is increasingly diminishing the space for agricultural activities and livestock development . For many years , Yobe state has been screaming and asking for help to deal with desertification because it is depriving many poor families of their means of livelihood and even shelter . One needs to just visit Tulo-Tulo in Yusufari Local Government Area to have a picture of the disaster that is making life more difficult every day for thousands of families .
